# User Manual


PG County Budget Spending 2018 app hopes to solve the information problem of displaying how Prince George’s County spends their fiscal year budget through each agency in the county. Currently, there is only a dataset that will display this information. While accuracy is not the issue, understanding the significance of a lot of the information is an issue. By displaying the data a user can better understand the story that the data is trying to tell. To use the PG County Budget Spending 2018 app, a user has to go to the website https://pg-county-budget.herokuapp.com/. Once there, a user will see 3 different pages in the navigation bar that is on the left for medium and large screens or on top for smaller screens. These there pages are Home, About and Document. About is a page that talks about the mission of the app and Document is documentation for developers looking to work with the project. The home page is where the app is located. Once on this page a user can go to the drop down to select the agency that they are interested to learn about. Once an agency is selected click submit. A graph will be generated, from largest agency category expense to the smallest category expense. This is important because usually if there are budget cuts it will come from the highest expenses. A user is capable to move their mouse over the bar graph to see the full name of the expense category. If the user wants to look at another agency, all they have to do is go back to the drop down and pick another agency, that will generate another bar graph.

